- [[WatsonFrames/ids/8868666]]
	- You worked on Programming for 0 days 02:17:55 (with tags #InspiredWork) 
	- Worked on creating a fully functional little log creating for everyday.
	- This will later be used for both obsidian calendar and maybe creating google calendar events.

- [[WatsonFrames/ids/c0a4ccd]]
    - You worked on Programming for 0 days 00:48:57 (with tags #InspiredWork)
	- Thought to have done, however as I am using Classes, it instantiated a different one
	or the one i had wasn't working properly so delved into it again

- [[WatsonFrames/ids/faa215b]]
    - You worked on Programming for 0 days 00:58:45 (with tags #InspiredWork) 
	- Finally got it working thanks to Bing's AI, passed it as an argument and didn't make it too complicated

- [[WatsonFrames/ids/37e2f58]]
    - You worked on Programming for 0 days 00:02:23 (with tags #InspiredWork)
	- Just testing at this point

- [[WatsonFrames/ids/806cf2f]]
	- You worked on Programming for 0 days 00:02:32 (with tags #InspiredWork, #Testing) 
	- Still testing
	
- [[WatsonFrames/ids/d9b7373]]
    - You worked on Programming for 0 days 00:01:59 (with tags #InspiredWork, #Testing) 

- [[WatsonFrames/ids/7e1a201]]
     - You worked on Programming for 0 days 00:51:19 (with tags #InspiredWork, #Testing) 

- [[WatsonFrames/ids/348fc1a]]
     - You worked on Programming for 0 days 00:18:50 (with tags #PrepFor_Mildew, #InspiredWork) 
	 - “Oh . . . ” I replied, suddenly feeling tremendous compassion for her, “I’m so sorry.”“It’s okay,” she muttered, putting on a pretty unconvincing toughgirl face. “I’m fine.”“Uh . . . no? Having your parents divorce isn’t ‘ fine,’” I said. “That’s got to be incredibly hard.”“Yeah, it actually really sucks,” she quickly confirmed, letting go of her façade.

	 - As we talked, I did what I could to show her that I recognized how she was feeling.

	 - Validation—which is, in essence, the act of helping someone feel heard and understood

	 - Knowing how to validate was improving nearly every area of my life—my friendships, my conversations with co-workers and my boss, my dating life, my family relationships, and even my interactions with strangers

	 - About six months after my date with Rachel, I received a call from my brother. He was going through a bit of a tough time and was looking for some advice. He filled me in on the situation and then paused. My first impulse was to jump right in with a solution, but, as I thought back to my recent experiences with validation, I felt like there might be a better approach. I put my advice aside and simply said, “Man, I’m sorry. That’s gotta be super frustrating. I remember dealing with something similar to that just last month and yeah . . . it’s rough.”

- [[WatsonFrames/ids/1f56fdd]]
     - You worked on Programming for 0 days 00:36:49 (with tags #PrepFor_Mildew, #InspiredWork)