### 2024-04-19

### Notes Created/Modified Today
```dataview
LIST 
WHERE file.mday = this.file.cday
SORT file.name asc
```
### Log

You used to talk of love. Some mere dream to be confided in a person and for that person not have it. Some mere dream. I struggle to understand what you call ours. It probably has much more pinkish hue than I'd like to admit but still what did you name ours? From the failed intimacy to all the possibilities it had for few brief moments, what did you name ours?
I hold myself to the words I gave you while we've known each other. I said I'd be myself and that's what's happening, I think. If not I'm in a shitload of trouble but if it holds some truth, then it's highly likely that I'm in the right path because something's changing in me. To the degree that I'm not sure how much.
We fought. my lady and I. It feels different more than being bad. I don't recognize this feeling I'm faced with. It's something closer to serenity but also feels like its coupled with great danger. Must have missed the sign that it was a firesale.
I see you leaving my life, for once leaving my things to me. You're unable to take them from me. They're changed. Just like me. And you. My will to live seems butchered, by a golden-hearted butcher, far more than I planned it to be. I don't believe you when you said we don't have a choice in the way that this ends. I don't ask for another goodbye anymore. I think i used up all of it. All of whatever I dared to give you. All of whatever I was ready to give. All of my futures written upon the nevercoming near-futures. Tell me what happens next. I went back to your streets, hoping to see you. Not the actual you, I think? Just someone you had been with me. Before that 3 hour walk that led you to finally fdecide, that fucking delayed, over-postponed decision or 'clear-headedness' that sealed many futures, feelings and shitty things. I sometimes find myself thinking, wouldn't i have had made you happy? I want to answer yes but it seems delusional. Not sure why but just seems so. I want to wish you hatred, to lose your friendsm just like i did. I want to wish you love, someone to give you what I hadn't been able to. I want to wish myself serenity, not really believing to be possible. I want to be kinder to myself but I don't understand how or when it becomes the problem. I feel like the younger Sarp, when I had Utku in my life, tht Sarp, would have been shocked to see me, this person. He would've been apalled, confused, shocked, angry, in pain but most importantly as curious as a thing would allow. How? How, he would have asked? I'm not sure if i would've asked about Utku, considering that we would have been each other's best man at their weddings. But I've would have tried to tell about my now inscribed tiredness. In my face, in my body, in my soul. He would've just listened, not understanding anything i say because there had been no way for him to understand that nor does it still seems clear. Just a choice of different routes, better pikes, better phalanx, worse cohesion, worse morale. Still existing, still somehow clearly existing.